Linkspeed (#57)
bisdn/bisdn.github.io: getting_started/basic_networking.md

The default path for iptables configuration is ``/etc/iptables/iptables.rules`` for IPv4 and ``/etc/iptables/ip6tables.rules`` for IPv6 traffic.

> The tap interfaces have their link speed and duplex settings reported via ethtool, visible via

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The physical link configuration (e.g. link speed) is reflected to the tap interface and can be checked using ethtool:
```

```
$ ethtool port1
Settings for port1:
        ....
        Speed: 25000Mb/s

>         Duplex: Full

Reviewer: i think you want to show the full output here

```

> **WARNING**: The link speed setting is currently only read-only via ethtool. Configuring the link speed as in [Disable auto-negotiation](.setup/setup_standalone.html#disable-auto-negotiation) updates the ethtool reported speed and duplex settings.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**WARNING**: All link configurations shown in ethtool are currently read-only and can not be modified (meaning any changes done with ethtool will not be forwarded to the physical link, but just be shown on the tap interfaces without having any effect to the ASIC). Configuring the link speed as in [Disable auto-negotiation](.setup/setup_standalone.html#disable-auto-negotiation) however, will updates the ethtool reported speed.
```

> 

Reviewer: do we need the two extra new lines here?

The default path for iptables configuration is ``/etc/iptables/iptables.rules`` for IPv4 and ``/etc/iptables/ip6tables.rules`` for IPv6 traffic.

The physical link configuration (e.g. link speed) is reflected to the tap interface and can be checked using ethtool:

```
$ ethtool port1
Settings for port1:
        Supported ports: [ ]
        Supported link modes:   Not reported
        Supported pause frame use: No
        Supports auto-negotiation: No
        Supported FEC modes: Not reported
        Advertised link modes:  Not reported
        Advertised pause frame use: No
        Advertised auto-negotiation: No
        Advertised FEC modes: Not reported
        Speed: 25000Mb/s
        Duplex: Full
        Port: Twisted Pair
        PHYAD: 0
        Transceiver: internal

>         Auto-negotiation: off

Reviewer: does the "Auto-negotiation" value here also change depending on the actual configuration ?
